[rocdecode] modified the pipeline doc (#5620)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/rocdecode/docs/reference/rocDecode-demux.rst

Reviewer: Do we need the article? The?

> ``Demux()`` demuxes frames sequentially starting at the beginning of the stream. The ``seek()`` function is used to start demuxing from a different frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``Demux()`` demuxes frames sequentially, starting at the beginning of the stream. The ``seek()`` function is used to start demuxing from a different frame.
```

> A ``VideoSeekContext`` is passed to ``seek()``. The seek context that specifies a seek criteria and a seek mode. The seek criteria describes whether the demuxer needs to seek to a specific frame or seek to a specific timestamp. The seek mode indicates whether the demuxer should seek to the exact frame or to the previous keyframe. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A ``VideoSeekContext`` is passed to ``seek()``. The seek context specifies a seek criterion and a seek mode. The seek criteria describe whether the demuxer needs to seek to a specific frame or seek to a specific timestamp. The seek mode indicates whether the demuxer should seek to the exact frame or to the previous keyframe. 
```
